---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_database Data Source - sakura"
subcategory: "Database"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Database Appliance.
---

# sakura_database (Data Source)

Get information about an existing Database Appliance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_database" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the Database.
- `name` (String) The name of the Database.
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Database.
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the Database is in (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `backup` (Attributes) Backup settings (simplified) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup))
- `database_type` (String) The type of the database. This will be one of [`mariadb`/`postgres`]
- `database_version` (String) The version of the database
- `description` (String) The description of the Database.
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id attached to the Database
- `network_interface` (Attributes) Network interfaces (simplified map form) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interface))
- `parameters` (Map of String) The map for setting RDBMS-specific parameters. Valid keys can be found with the `usacloud database list-parameters` command
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of default user on the database
- `plan` (String) The plan name of the Database. This will be one of [`10g`/`30g`/`90g`/`240g`/`500g`/`1t`]
- `replica_password` (String, Sensitive) The password of user that processing a replication
- `replica_user` (String) The name of user that processing a replication
- `username` (String) The name of default user on the database

<a id="nestedatt--backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup`

Read-Only:

- `time` (String) The time to take backup. This will be formatted with `HH:mm`
- `weekdays` (Set of String) The list of name of weekday that doing backup. This will be in [`sun`/`mon`/`tue`/`wed`/`thu`/`fri`/`sat`]


<a id="nestedatt--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String) The IP address of the gateway used by Database
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address assigned to the Database
- `netmask` (Number) The bit length of the subnet assigned to the Database
- `port` (Number) The number of the listening port
- `source_ranges` (List of String) The range of source IP addresses that allow to access to the Database via network
- `vswitch_id` (String) The id of the vSwitch connected from the Database
