---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_dsr_lb Data Source - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing DSR LB (load_balancer in v2).
---

# sakura_dsr_lb (Data Source)

Get information about an existing DSR LB (load_balancer in v2).

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_dsr_lb" "foobar" {
   name = "foobar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the DSR LB.
- `name` (String) The name of the DSR LB.
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the DSR LB.
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the DSR LB is in (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the DSR LB.
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id attached to the DSR LB
- `network_interface` (Attributes) Network interface for DSR LB (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interface))
- `plan` (String) The plan name of the DSR LB. This will be one of [`standard`/`highspec`]
- `vip` (Attributes List) VIPs (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vip))

<a id="nestedatt--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String) The IP address of the gateway used by DSR LB
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) The IP addresses assigned to the DSR LB
- `netmask` (Number) The bit length of the subnet assigned to the DSR LB
- `vrid` (Number) The Virtual Router Identifier
- `vswitch_id` (String) The id of the vSwitch connected from the DSR LB


<a id="nestedatt--vip"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vip`

Read-Only:

- `delay_loop` (Number) The interval in seconds between checks
- `description` (String) The description of the DSR LB's VIP.
- `port` (Number) The target port number for load-balancing
- `server` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--vip--server))
- `sorry_server` (String) The IP address of the SorryServer. This will be used when all servers under this VIP are down
- `vip` (String) The virtual IP address

<a id="nestedatt--vip--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `vip.server`

Read-Only:

- `connect_timeout` (Number) The timeout in seconds for health checks, available only for TCP/HTTP/HTTPS
- `enabled` (Boolean) The flag to enable as destination of load balancing
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the destination server
- `path` (String) The path used when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used for health checks. This will be one of [`http`/`https`/`tcp`/`ping`]
- `retry` (Number) The retry count for server down detection, available only for TCP/HTTP/HTTPS
- `status` (Number) The response code to expect when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
