---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_gslb Data Source - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing GSLB.
---

# sakura_gslb (Data Source)

Get information about an existing GSLB.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_gslb" "test" {
   name = "foobar"
   # or
   # id = "gslb-resource-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the GSLB.
- `name` (String) The name of the GSLB.
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the GSLB.

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the GSLB.
- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN for accessing to the GSLB. This is typically used as value of CNAME record
- `health_check` (Attributes) Health check configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check))
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id attached to the GSLB
- `monitoring_suite` (Attributes) The monitoring suite settings of the GSLB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--monitoring_suite))
- `server` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server))
- `sorry_server` (String) The IP address of the SorryServer. This will be used when all servers are down
- `weighted` (Boolean) The flag to enable weighted load-balancing

<a id="nestedatt--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check`

Read-Only:

- `delay_loop` (Number) The interval in seconds between checks
- `host_header` (String) The value of host header send when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
- `path` (String) The path used when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
- `port` (Number) The port number used when checking by TCP/HTTP/HTTPS
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used for health checks. This will be one of [`http`/`https`/`tcp`/`ping`]
- `status` (String) The response-code to expect when checking by HTTP/HTTPS


<a id="nestedatt--monitoring_suite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_suite`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable sending signals to Monitoring Suite


<a id="nestedatt--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The flag to enable as destination of load balancing
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the server
- `weight` (Number) The weight used when weighted load balancing is enabled
