---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_monitoring_suite_log_storage Data Source - sakura"
subcategory: "Monitoring"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Monitoring Suite Log Storage.
---

# sakura_monitoring_suite_log_storage (Data Source)

Get information about an existing Monitoring Suite Log Storage.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_monitoring_suite_log_storage" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  # or
  # id = "log-storage-resource-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the Monitoring Suite Log Storage.
- `name` (String) The name of the Monitoring Suite Log Storage.

### Read-Only

- `classification` (String) The bucket classification of the Log Storage.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the Monitoring Suite Log Storage
- `description` (String) The description of the Monitoring Suite Log Storage.
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints of the Log Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `is_system` (Boolean) The flag to indicate whether this is a system Log Storage.
- `project_id` (String) The resource ID of the project to which the Log Storage belongs.
- `resource_id` (String) The resource ID of the Log Storage.
- `retention_period_days` (Number) The retention period days of the Log Storage.
- `usage` (Attributes) The usage of the Log Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usage))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `ingester` (Attributes) The ingester endpoint for the Log Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--ingester))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--ingester"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.ingester`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The ingester address for the Log Storage.
- `insecure` (Boolean) The flag to indicate whether the ingester uses insecure connection.



<a id="nestedatt--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage`

Read-Only:

- `log_measure_rules` (Number) The number of Log Measure Rules.
- `log_routings` (Number) The number of Log Routings.
