---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_nosql Data Source - sakura"
subcategory: "Database"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing NoSQL Database.
---

# sakura_nosql (Data Source)

Get information about an existing NoSQL Database.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_nosql" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  # or
  # id = "nosql-resource-id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the NoSQL appliance.
- `name` (String) The name of the NoSQL appliance.
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the NoSQL appliance.
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the NoSQL appliance is in (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `availability` (String) Availability state. state is one of migrating / available / failed
- `created_at` (String) Creation time
- `description` (String) The description of the NoSQL appliance.
- `disk` (Attributes) Disk encryption information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disk))
- `generation` (Number) Generation number
- `instance` (Attributes) Instance and host information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance))
- `interfaces` (Attributes List) Network interfaces (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces))
- `plan` (String) The plan name of the NoSQL appliance. This will be one of [`40GB`/`100GB`/`250GB`]
- `remark` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remark))
- `settings` (Attributes) Settings of the NoSQL appliance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))

<a id="nestedatt--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk`

Read-Only:

- `encryption_algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm used for disk encryption
- `kms_key_id` (String) KMS key ID for disk encryption


<a id="nestedatt--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance`

Read-Only:

- `host` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance--host))
- `hosts` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance--hosts))
- `status` (String) The NoSQL instance status. 'up' or 'down'
- `status_changed_at` (String) The time when the status was last changed

<a id="nestedatt--instance--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance.host`

Read-Only:

- `info_url` (String) The information URL of the host where NoSQL appliance is running
- `name` (String) The host name where NoSQL appliance is running


<a id="nestedatt--instance--hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance.hosts`

Read-Only:

- `info_url` (String) The information URL of the host where NoSQL appliance is running
- `name` (String) The host name where NoSQL appliance is running



<a id="nestedatt--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname assigned to the interface
- `ip_address` (String) IP Address assigned to the interface
- `user_ip_address` (String) IP Address which connect to user's switch
- `vswitch` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces--vswitch))

<a id="nestedatt--interfaces--vswitch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.vswitch`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the vSwitch connected to the interface
- `name` (String) The name of the vSwitch connected to the interface
- `scope` (String) The scope of the vSwitch connected to the interface
- `subnet` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces--vswitch--subnet))
- `user_subnet` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces--vswitch--user_subnet))

<a id="nestedatt--interfaces--vswitch--subnet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.vswitch.subnet`

Read-Only:

- `band_width_mbps` (Number) The bandwidth in Mbps of the subnet connected to the interface
- `gateway` (String) The gateway of the subnet connected to the interface
- `netmask` (Number) The netmask of the subnet connected to the interface
- `network_address` (String) The network address of the subnet connected to the interface


<a id="nestedatt--interfaces--vswitch--user_subnet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.vswitch.user_subnet`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String) The gateway of the user subnet connected to the interface
- `netmask` (Number) The netmask of the user subnet connected to the interface




<a id="nestedatt--remark"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remark`

Read-Only:

- `network` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remark--network))
- `nosql` (Attributes) NoSQL database information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remark--nosql))
- `servers` (List of String) IP addresses which connect to user's switch
- `zone_id` (String) The id of the zone where NoSQL appliance is located.

<a id="nestedatt--remark--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remark.network`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String) Gateway address of the network
- `netmask` (Number) Netmask of the network


<a id="nestedatt--remark--nosql"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remark.nosql`

Read-Only:

- `default_user` (String) Default user for NoSQL appliance.
- `disk_size` (Number) Disk size of NoSQL appliance.
- `engine` (String) Database engine used by NoSQL appliance.
- `memory` (Number) Memory size of NoSQL appliance.
- `nodes` (Number) Number of nodes. 3 for primary node, 2 for additional nodes
- `port` (Number) Port number used by NoSQL appliance.
- `primary_nodes` (Attributes) Primary Node information. This field is used in additional nodes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remark--nosql--primary_nodes))
- `version` (String) Version of database engine used by NoSQL appliance.
- `virtualcore` (Number) Number of virtual cores used by NoSQL appliance.
- `zone` (String) Zone where NoSQL appliance is located.

<a id="nestedatt--remark--nosql--primary_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remark.nosql.primary_nodes`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
- `zone` (String)




<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Read-Only:

- `backup` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--backup))
- `repair` (Attributes) Regular repair configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--repair))
- `reserve_ip_address` (String) Reserved IP address. This address is used for dead node replacement
- `source_network` (List of String) Source network address

<a id="nestedatt--settings--backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.backup`

Read-Only:

- `connect` (String) Backup destination by NFS URL format
- `days_of_week` (Set of String) Backup schedule
- `rotate` (Number) Number of backup rotations
- `time` (String) Time for backup execution


<a id="nestedatt--settings--repair"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.repair`

Read-Only:

- `full` (Attributes) Full repair configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--repair--full))
- `incremental` (Attributes) Incremental repair configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--repair--incremental))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--repair--full"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.repair.full`

Read-Only:

- `day_of_week` (String) Repair schedule
- `interval` (Number) Execution interval of 7 days. e.g. 7 / 14 / 21 / 28
- `time` (String) Time for full repair execution


<a id="nestedatt--settings--repair--incremental"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.repair.incremental`

Read-Only:

- `days_of_week` (Set of String) Repair schedule
- `time` (String) Time for incremental repair execution
