---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_server Data Source - sakura"
subcategory: "Computing"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Server.
---

# sakura_server (Data Source)

Get information about an existing Server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_server" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the Server.
- `name` (String) The name of the Server.
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Server.
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the Server is in (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `cdrom_id` (String) The id of the CD-ROM attached to the server
- `commitment` (String) The policy of how to allocate virtual CPUs to the server. This will be one of [`standard`/`dedicatedcpu`]
- `confidential_vm` (Boolean) A flag indicating whether to use a confidential VM
- `core` (Number) The number of virtual CPUs
- `cpu_model` (String) The model of cpu
- `description` (String) The description of the Server.
- `disks` (List of String) A list of disk id connected to the server
- `dns_servers` (List of String) A list of IP address of DNS server in the zone
- `gateway` (String) The IP address of the gateway used by Server
- `gpu` (Number) The number of GPUs
- `gpu_model` (String) The model of gpu
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the Server
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id attached to the Server
- `interface_driver` (String) The driver name of network interface. This will be one of [`virtio`/`e1000`]
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address assigned to the Server
- `memory` (Number) The size of memory in GiB
- `netmask` (Number) The bit length of the subnet assigned to the Server
- `network_address` (String) The network address which the `ip_address` belongs
- `network_interface` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interface))
- `private_host_id` (String) The id of the private host which the server is assigned
- `private_host_name` (String) The name of the private host which the server is assigned

<a id="nestedatt--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `mac_address` (String) The MAC address
- `packet_filter_id` (String) The id of the packet filter attached to the network interface
- `upstream` (String) The upstream type or upstream switch id. This will be one of [`shared`/`disconnect`/`<switch id>`]
- `user_ip_address` (String) The IP address for only display. This value doesn't affect actual NIC settings
