---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_vpn_router Data Source - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing VPN Router.
---

# sakura_vpn_router (Data Source)

Get information about an existing VPN Router.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_vpn_router" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The ID of the VPNRouter.
- `name` (String) The name of the VPNRouter.
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the VPNRouter.
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the VPNRouter is in (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the VPNRouter.
- `dhcp_server` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dhcp_server))
- `dhcp_static_mapping` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dhcp_static_mapping))
- `dns_forwarding` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns_forwarding))
- `firewall` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall))
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id attached to the VPNRouter
- `internet_connection` (Boolean) The flag to enable connecting to the Internet from the VPN Router
- `l2tp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--l2tp))
- `plan` (String) The plan name of the VPNRouter. This will be one of [`standard`/`premium`/`highspec`/`highspec4000`]
- `port_forwarding` (Attributes List) A list of `port_forwarding` blocks as defined below. This represents a `Reverse NAT` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--port_forwarding))
- `pptp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--pptp))
- `private_network_interface` (Attributes List) A list of additional network interface setting. This doesn't include primary network interface setting (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--private_network_interface))
- `public_ip` (String) The public ip address of the VPN Router
- `public_netmask` (Number) The bit length of the subnet to assign to the public network interface
- `public_network_interface` (Attributes) A list of additional network interface setting. This doesn't include primary network interface setting (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--public_network_interface))
- `scheduled_maintenance` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--scheduled_maintenance))
- `site_to_site_vpn` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--site_to_site_vpn))
- `site_to_site_vpn_parameter` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--site_to_site_vpn_parameter))
- `static_nat` (Attributes List) A list of `static_nat` blocks as defined below. This represents a `1:1 NAT`, doing static mapping to both send/receive to/from the Internet. This is only used when `plan` is not `standard` (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_nat))
- `static_route` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--static_route))
- `syslog_host` (String) The ip address of the syslog host to which the VPN Router sends logs
- `user` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))
- `version` (Number) The version of the VPN Router.
- `wire_guard` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wire_guard))

<a id="nestedatt--dhcp_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dhcp_server`

Read-Only:

- `dns_servers` (List of String) A list of IP address of DNS server to assign to DHCP client
- `interface_index` (Number) The index of the network interface on which to enable the DHCP service. This will be between `1`-`7`
- `range_start` (String) The start value of IP address range to assign to DHCP client
- `range_stop` (String) The end value of IP address range to assign to DHCP client


<a id="nestedatt--dhcp_static_mapping"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dhcp_static_mapping`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) The static IP address to assign to DHCP client
- `mac_address` (String) The source MAC address of static mapping


<a id="nestedatt--dns_forwarding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_forwarding`

Read-Only:

- `dns_servers` (List of String) A list of IP address of DNS server to forward to
- `interface_index` (Number) The index of the network interface on which to enable the DNS forwarding service


<a id="nestedatt--firewall"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall`

Read-Only:

- `direction` (String) The direction to apply the firewall. This will be one of [`send`/`receive`]
- `expression` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--firewall--expression))
- `interface_index` (Number) The index of the network interface on which to enable filtering. This will be between `0`-`7`

<a id="nestedatt--firewall--expression"></a>
### Nested Schema for `firewall.expression`

Read-Only:

- `allow` (Boolean) The flag to allow the packet through the filter
- `description` (String) The description of the firewall expression.
- `destination_network` (String) A destination IP address or CIDR block used for filtering (e.g. `192.0.2.1`, `192.0.2.0/24`)
- `destination_port` (String) A destination port number or port range used for filtering (e.g. `1024`, `1024-2048`). This is only used when `protocol` is `tcp` or `udp`
- `logging` (Boolean) The flag to enable packet logging when matching the expression
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used for filtering. This will be one of [`tcp`/`udp`/`icmp`/`ip`]
- `source_network` (String) A source IP address or CIDR block used for filtering (e.g. `192.0.2.1`, `192.0.2.0/24`)
- `source_port` (String) A source port number or port range used for filtering (e.g. `1024`, `1024-2048`). This is only used when `protocol` is `tcp` or `udp`



<a id="nestedatt--l2tp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `l2tp`

Read-Only:

- `pre_shared_secret` (String, Sensitive) The pre shared secret for L2TP/IPsec
- `range_start` (String) The start value of IP address range to assign to L2TP/IPsec client
- `range_stop` (String) The end value of IP address range to assign to L2TP/IPsec client


<a id="nestedatt--port_forwarding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `port_forwarding`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the port forwarding.
- `private_ip` (String) The destination ip address of the port forwarding
- `private_port` (Number) The destination port number of the port forwarding. This will be a port number on a private network
- `protocol` (String) The protocol used for port forwarding. This will be one of [`tcp`/`udp`]
- `public_port` (Number) The source port number of the port forwarding. This will be a port number on a public network


<a id="nestedatt--pptp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `pptp`

Read-Only:

- `range_start` (String) The start value of IP address range to assign to PPTP client
- `range_stop` (String) The end value of IP address range to assign to PPTP client


<a id="nestedatt--private_network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `private_network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `index` (Number) The index of the network interface. This will be between `1`-`7`
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) A list of ip address assigned to the network interface. This will be only one value when `plan` is `standard`, two values otherwise
- `netmask` (Number) The bit length of the subnet assigned to the network interface
- `switch_id` (String) The id of the switch connected from the VPNRouter
- `vip` (String) The virtual IP address assigned to the network interface. This is only used when `plan` is not `standard`


<a id="nestedatt--public_network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `public_network_interface`

Read-Only:

- `aliases` (List of String) A list of ip alias assigned to the VPN Router. This is only used when `plan` is not `standard`
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) The list of the IP address assigned to the VPN Router. This will be only one value when `plan` is `standard`, two values otherwise
- `switch_id` (String) The id of the switch connected from the VPNRouter
- `vip` (String) The virtual IP address of the VPN Router. This is only used when `plan` is not `standard`
- `vrid` (Number) The Virtual Router Identifier. This is only used when `plan` is not `standard`


<a id="nestedatt--scheduled_maintenance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `scheduled_maintenance`

Read-Only:

- `day_of_week` (String) The value must be in [`sun`/`mon`/`tue`/`wed`/`thu`/`fri`/`sat`]
- `hour` (Number) The time to start maintenance


<a id="nestedatt--site_to_site_vpn"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site_to_site_vpn`

Read-Only:

- `local_prefix` (List of String) A list of CIDR block of the network under the VPN Router
- `peer` (String) The IP address of the opposing appliance connected to the VPN Router
- `pre_shared_secret` (String, Sensitive) The pre shared secret for the VPN
- `remote_id` (String) The id of the opposing appliance connected to the VPN Router. This is typically set same as value of `peer`
- `routes` (List of String) A list of CIDR block of VPN connected networks


<a id="nestedatt--site_to_site_vpn_parameter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site_to_site_vpn_parameter`

Read-Only:

- `dh_group` (String)
- `encryption_algo` (String)
- `esp` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--site_to_site_vpn_parameter--esp))
- `hash_algo` (String)
- `ike` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--site_to_site_vpn_parameter--ike))

<a id="nestedatt--site_to_site_vpn_parameter--esp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site_to_site_vpn_parameter.esp`

Read-Only:

- `lifetime` (Number)


<a id="nestedatt--site_to_site_vpn_parameter--ike"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site_to_site_vpn_parameter.ike`

Read-Only:

- `dpd` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--site_to_site_vpn_parameter--ike--dpd))
- `lifetime` (Number)

<a id="nestedatt--site_to_site_vpn_parameter--ike--dpd"></a>
### Nested Schema for `site_to_site_vpn_parameter.ike.dpd`

Read-Only:

- `interval` (Number)
- `timeout` (Number)




<a id="nestedatt--static_nat"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_nat`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of the static NAT.
- `private_ip` (String) The private IP address used for the static NAT
- `public_ip` (String) The public IP address used for the static NAT


<a id="nestedatt--static_route"></a>
### Nested Schema for `static_route`

Read-Only:

- `next_hop` (String) The IP address of the next hop
- `prefix` (String) The CIDR block of destination


<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Read-Only:

- `name` (String) The user name used to authenticate remote access
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password used to authenticate remote access


<a id="nestedatt--wire_guard"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wire_guard`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) The IP address for WireGuard server
- `peer` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--wire_guard--peer))
- `public_key` (String) the public key of the WireGuard server

<a id="nestedatt--wire_guard--peer"></a>
### Nested Schema for `wire_guard.peer`

Read-Only:

- `ip_address` (String) the IP address of the peer
- `name` (String) the name of the peer
- `public_key` (String) the public key of the WireGuard client
