---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_webaccel Data Source - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Get information about an existing Web Accelerator site.
---

# sakura_webaccel (Data Source)

Get information about an existing Web Accelerator site.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_webaccel" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  # or
  # domain = "foobar.example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `domain` (String) Domain name of the site. Required when domain_type is own_domain
- `id` (String) The ID of the Web Accelerator.
- `name` (String) The name of the site

### Read-Only

- `cname_record_value` (String) CNAME record value for the site
- `cors_rules` (Attributes Set) CORS rules of the site (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cors_rules))
- `default_cache_ttl` (Number) The default cache TTL of the site
- `domain_type` (String)
- `has_certificate` (Boolean)
- `host_header` (String)
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging configuration of the site (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `normalize_ae` (String) Accept-encoding normalization. This must be one of [gzip, br+gzip]
- `origin` (String) Origin hostname or IP address (deprecated; use origin_parameters.origin)
- `origin_parameters` (Attributes) Origin parameters of the site (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_parameters))
- `request_protocol` (String) Request protocol of the site. This must be one of [http+https, https, https-redirect]
- `status` (String)
- `subdomain` (String)
- `txt_record_value` (String) TXT record value for the site
- `vary_support` (Boolean) Whether the site recognizes the Vary header or not

<a id="nestedatt--cors_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors_rules`

Read-Only:

- `allow_all` (Boolean) Whether the site permits cross origin requests for all or not
- `allowed_origins` (List of String) List of allowed origins for CORS


<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String) Logging S3 bucket name
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the site logging is enabled or not
- `endpoint` (String) Logging S3 endpoint
- `region` (String) Logging S3 region


<a id="nestedatt--origin_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_parameters`

Read-Only:

- `bucket_name` (String) S3 bucket name. Required for type = bucket
- `doc_index` (Boolean) Whether the document indexing for the bucket is enabled or not. Optional for type = bucket
- `endpoint` (String) S3 endpoint without protocol scheme. Required for type = bucket
- `host_header` (String) Host header to the origin. Optional for type = web
- `origin` (String) Origin hostname or IP address. Required for type = web
- `protocol` (String) Request protocol for the origin host. Required for type = web
- `region` (String) S3 region. Required for type = bucket
- `type` (String) Origin type of the site. This must be one of [web, bucket]
