---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura Provider"
description: |-
  
---

# sakura Provider



## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    sakura = {
      source = "sacloud/sakura"

      # We recommend pinning to the specific version of the Sakura Provider you're using
      # since new versions are released frequently
      version = "3.0.0"
      #version = "~> 3"
    }
  }
}

# Configure the Sakura Provider
provider "sakura" {
  # More information on the authentication methods supported by
  # the Sakura Provider can be found here:
  # https://docs.usacloud.jp/terraform/provider/

  # profile = "..."
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `api_request_rate_limit` (Number) The maximum number of SakuraCloud API calls per second. It can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_RATE_LIMIT`/`SAKURACLOUD_RATE_LIMIT` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified. Default:`10`
- `api_request_timeout` (Number) The timeout seconds for each SakuraCloud API call. It can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_API_REQUEST_TIMEOUT`/`SAKURACLOUD_API_REQUEST_TIMEOUT` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified. Default:`300`
- `api_root_url` (String) The root URL of SakuraCloud API. It can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_API_ROOT_URL`/`SAKURACLOUD_API_ROOT_URL` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified. Default:`https://secure.sakura.ad.jp/cloud/zone`
- `default_zone` (String) The name of zone to use as default for global resources. It must be provided, but it can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_DEFAULT_ZONE`/`SAKURACLOUD_DEFAULT_ZONE` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified
- `profile` (String) The profile name of your SakuraCloud account. Default:`default`
- `retry_max` (Number) The maximum number of API call retries used when SakuraCloud API returns status code `423` or `503`. It can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_RETRY_MAX`/`SAKURACLOUD_RETRY_MAX` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified. Default:`100`
- `retry_wait_max` (Number) The maximum wait interval(in seconds) for retrying API call used when SakuraCloud API returns status code `423` or `503`.  It can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_RETRY_WAIT_MAX`/`SAKURACLOUD_RETRY_WAIT_MAX` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified
- `retry_wait_min` (Number) The minimum wait interval(in seconds) for retrying API call used when SakuraCloud API returns status code `423` or `503`. It can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_RETRY_WAIT_MIN`/`SAKURACLOUD_RETRY_WAIT_MIN` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified
- `secret` (String) The API secret of your SakuraCloud account. It must be provided, but it can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET`/`SAKURACLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN_SECRET` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified
- `service_principal_id` (String) The service principal ID of your SakuraCloud account. This is used for service principal based access. It can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_ID` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified
- `service_principal_key_id` (String) The service principal key ID of your SakuraCloud account. This is used for service principal based access. It can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_SERVICE_PRINCIPAL_KEY_ID` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified
- `service_private_key_path` (String) The private key path for service principal of your SakuraCloud account. This is used for service principal based access. It can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_PRIVATE_KEY_PATH` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified
- `token` (String) The API token of your SakuraCloud account. It must be provided, but it can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_ACCESS_TOKEN`/`SAKURACLOUD_ACCESS_TOKEN` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified
- `trace` (String) The flag to enable output trace log. It can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_TRACE`/`SAKURACLOUD_TRACE` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified
- `zone` (String) The name of zone to use as default. It must be provided, but it can also be sourced from the `SAKURA_ZONE`/`SAKURACLOUD_ZONE` environment variables, or via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified
- `zones` (List of String) A list of available SakuraCloud zone name. It can also be sourced via a shared credentials file if `profile` is specified. Default:[`is1a`, `is1b`, `tk1a`, `tk1v`]
