---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_apigw_subscription Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Application Integration"
description: |-
  Manage an API Gateway Subscription.
---

# sakura_apigw_subscription (Resource)

Manage an API Gateway Subscription.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_apigw_plan" "foobar" { 
  name = "エンタープライズ"
}

resource "sakura_apigw_subscription" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  plan_id = data.sakura_apigw_plan.foobar.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the API Gateway Subscription.
- `plan_id` (String) Plan ID of the API Gateway Subscription

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the API Gateway Subscription.
- `id` (String) The ID of the API Gateway Subscription.
- `monthly_request` (Number) Monthly request count of the API Gateway Subscription
- `resource_id` (Number) Resource ID of the API Gateway Subscription
- `service` (Attributes) Service information of the API Gateway Subscription (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--service))
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp of the API Gateway Subscription.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--service"></a>
### Nested Schema for `service`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) ID of the API Gateway Service associated with the API Gateway Subscription
- `name` (String) Name of the API Gateway Service associated with the API Gateway Subscription
