---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_apigw_user Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Application Integration"
description: |-
  Manage an API Gateway User.
---

# sakura_apigw_user (Resource)

Manage an API Gateway User.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_apigw_user" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  tags = ["tag1"]
  custom_id = "custom-id-9999"
  ip_restriction = {
    protocols = "http"
    restricted_by = "allowIps"
    ips = ["192.168.0.10"]
  }
  groups = [{name = "test"}]
  authentication = {
    basic_auth = {
       username = "username",
       password_wo = "password"
       password_wo_version = 1
    },
    jwt = {
      key = "key",
      secret_wo = "secret",
      secret_wo_version = 1,
      algorithm = "HS256"
    },
    // hmac_auth can be set here as well
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the API Gateway User.

### Optional

- `authentication` (Attributes) Authentication information of the API Gateway User (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication))
- `custom_id` (String) The custom ID of the API Gateway User
- `groups` (Attributes List) Groups associated with the user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--groups))
- `ip_restriction` (Attributes) IP restriction configuration for the user (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ip_restriction))
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the API Gateway User.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the API Gateway User.
- `id` (String) The ID of the API Gateway User.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp of the API Gateway User.

<a id="nestedatt--authentication"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication`

Optional:

- `basic_auth` (Attributes) The BASIC auth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--basic_auth))
- `hmac_auth` (Attributes) The HMAC auth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--hmac_auth))
- `jwt` (Attributes) The JWT auth (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--authentication--jwt))

<a id="nestedatt--authentication--basic_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.basic_auth`

Required:

- `password_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The basic auth password
- `password_wo_version` (Number) The version of the password_wo. This value must be greater than 0 when set. Increment this when changing password.
- `username` (String) The basic auth username


<a id="nestedatt--authentication--hmac_auth"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.hmac_auth`

Required:

- `secret_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The HMAC auth secret
- `secret_wo_version` (Number) The version of the secret_wo. This value must be greater than 0 when set. Increment this when changing secret.
- `username` (String) The HMAC auth username


<a id="nestedatt--authentication--jwt"></a>
### Nested Schema for `authentication.jwt`

Required:

- `algorithm` (String) The JWT algorithm
- `key` (String) The JWT key
- `secret_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The JWT secret
- `secret_wo_version` (Number) The version of the secret_wo. This value must be greater than 0 when set. Increment this when changing secret.



<a id="nestedatt--groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `groups`

Optional:

- `id` (String) ID of the API Gateway Group
- `name` (String) Name of the API Gateway Group


<a id="nestedatt--ip_restriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ip_restriction`

Required:

- `ips` (Set of String) The IPv4 addresses to be restricted.
- `protocols` (String) The protocols to restrict.
- `restricted_by` (String) The category to restrict by.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
