---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_apigw_cert Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Application Integration"
description: |-
  Manage an API Gateway Certificate.
---

# sakura_apigw_cert (Resource)

Manage an API Gateway Certificate.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_apigw_cert" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  rsa  = {
    cert_wo = file("path/to/rsa.crt")
    key_wo = file("path/to/rsa.key")
    cert_wo_version = 1
  }
  ecdsa = {
    cert_wo = file("path/to/ecdsa.crt")
    key_wo = file("path/to/ecdsa.key")
    cert_wo_version = 1
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the API Gateway Certificate
- `rsa` (Attributes) RSA setting for API Gateway Certificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rsa))

### Optional

- `ecdsa` (Attributes) ECDSA setting for API Gateway Certificate (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ecdsa))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the API Gateway Certificate
- `id` (String) The ID of the API Gateway Certificate.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp of the API Gateway Certificate

<a id="nestedatt--rsa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rsa`

Required:

- `cert_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) PEM encoded certificate data
- `key_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) PEM encoded private key data

Optional:

- `cert_wo_version` (Number) The version of the certificate. This value must be greater than 0 when set. Increment this when changing certificate

Read-Only:

- `expired_at` (String) The expiration timestamp


<a id="nestedatt--ecdsa"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ecdsa`

Required:

- `cert_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) PEM encoded certificate data
- `key_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) PEM encoded private key data

Optional:

- `cert_wo_version` (Number) The version of the certificate. This value must be greater than 0 when set. Increment this when changing certificate

Read-Only:

- `expired_at` (String) The expiration timestamp


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
