---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_apprun_dedicated_certificate Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Computing"
description: |-
  Manages an AppRun dedicated certificate
---

# sakura_apprun_dedicated_certificate (Resource)

Manages an AppRun dedicated certificate

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_apprun_dedicated_cluster" "main" {
  name = "ExampleCluster"
}

resource "sakura_apprun_dedicated_certificate" "main" {
  cluster_id = data.sakura_apprun_dedicated_cluster.main.id
  name       = "ExampleCertificate"

  certificate_pem              = file("${path.module}/cert.pem")
  private_key_pem              = file("${path.module}/key.pem")
  intermediate_certificate_pem = file("${path.module}/intermediate.pem")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `certificate_pem` (String) The PEM-encoded certificate
- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the cluster.
- `name` (String) The name of the certificate.
- `private_key_pem` (String, Sensitive, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The PEM-encoded private key

### Optional

- `intermediate_certificate_pem` (String, Sensitive) The PEM-encoded intermediate certificate
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `common_name` (String) The common name of the certificate
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the certificate
- `id` (String) The ID of the certificate.
- `not_after` (String) The certificate validity end time (Unix timestamp)
- `not_before` (String) The certificate validity start time (Unix timestamp)
- `subject_alternative_names` (Set of String) The subject alternative names of the certificate
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp of the certificate

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
