---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_apprun_dedicated_version Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Computing"
description: |-
  Manages an AppRun dedicated version
---

# sakura_apprun_dedicated_version (Resource)

Manages an AppRun dedicated version

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_apprun_dedicated_cluster" "main" {
  name = "ExampleCluster"
}

data "sakura_apprun_dedicated_application" "main" {
  id         = "A5F8D577-7395-4EB4-83D9-AC60A1EF2C5B"
  cluster_id = data.sakura_apprun_dedicated_cluster.main.id
}

resource "sakura_apprun_dedicated_version" "main" {
  application_id = data.sakura_apprun_dedicated_application.main.id
  cpu            = 1000
  memory         = 512
  image          = "nginx:latest"
  cmd            = ["/bin/sh"]
  scaling_mode   = "manual"
  fixed_scale    = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `application_id` (String) The ID of the application.
- `cpu` (Number) The CPU limit in millicores (e.g., 1000 = 1 CPU)
- `image` (String) The container image
- `memory` (Number) The memory limit in megabytes
- `scaling_mode` (String) The scaling mode (manual, autoscale)

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `cmd` (List of String) application command line i.e. the command and arguments
- `env_vars` (Attributes List) Environment variables (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--env_vars))
- `exposed_ports` (Attributes List) Ports that the application exposes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exposed_ports))
- `fixed_scale` (Number) Number of nodes when scaling mode is `manual`
- `max_scale` (Number) Maximum number of nodes when scaling mode is `autoscale`
- `min_scale` (Number) Minimum number of nodes when scaling mode is `autoscale`
- `registry_password` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Login password for the container registry
- `registry_password_action` (String) Password configuration method
- `registry_username` (String) Login user name for the container registry
- `scale_in_threshold` (Number) When to scale in when scaling mode is `autoscale`
- `scale_out_threshold` (Number) When to scale out when scaling mode is `autoscale`
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `active_node_count` (Number) The number of active nodes.  You might want to ignore_changes this field because it changes from time to time
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the version
- `id` (String) (Synthetic ID, only for internal use)
- `version` (Number) The version number

<a id="nestedatt--env_vars"></a>
### Nested Schema for `env_vars`

Required:

- `key` (String) Environment variable name
- `secret` (Boolean) Whether the value is sensitive

Optional:

- `value` (String) The value.  Omitting this field and set `secret` to true retains old secret value


<a id="nestedatt--exposed_ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exposed_ports`

Required:

- `health_check` (Attributes) Health check configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--exposed_ports--health_check))
- `target_port` (Number) The port that the application listens to

Optional:

- `host` (Set of String) Target `Host:` header value (only applicable when `http` or `https`)
- `lb_port` (Number) The port that the load balancer listens to.  Explicitly set it to `null` when you want to disconnect from the load balancer
- `use_lets_encrypt` (Boolean) Whether the load balancer uses Let's Encrypt (applicable only when `https`)

<a id="nestedatt--exposed_ports--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `exposed_ports.health_check`

Required:

- `interval_seconds` (Number) Health check intervals in seconds
- `path` (String) Health check endpoint
- `timeout_seconds` (Number) Time out in seconds until the health check fails



<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
