---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_apprun_dedicated_cluster Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Computing"
description: |-
  Manages an AppRun dedicated cluster
---

# sakura_apprun_dedicated_cluster (Resource)

Manages an AppRun dedicated cluster

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_iam_service_principal" "main" {
  name = "m2TCFudC7isJ5fDAoKOeXq0Be3SD36m55OTh3NDhKvVdQZRm4hMROqY1TH8jDvP4"
}

resource "sakura_apprun_dedicated_cluster" "main" {
  name                 = "Gkii8dvRskKjYOGzxL3D"
  service_principal_id = data.sakura_iam_service_principal.main.id
  lets_encrypt_email   = "tf-test-email@sakura.ad.jp"

  ports = [
    {
      port     = 80
      protocol = http
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the cluster.
- `ports` (Attributes Set) The list of ports that the cluster listens on (max 5) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--ports))
- `service_principal_id` (String) The service principal ID. This is the principal that invokes the application

### Optional

- `lets_encrypt_email` (String) Let'sEncrypt registation email address
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the cluster
- `has_lets_encrypt_email` (Boolean) If true the cluster must listen HTTP port 80 because LetsEncrypt challenges there
- `id` (String) The ID of the cluster.

<a id="nestedatt--ports"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ports`

Required:

- `port` (Number) The port number where the cluster listens for requests
- `protocol` (String) Either `http`, `https`, or `tcp`


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
