---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_cdrom Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Storage and Data"
description: |-
  Manages a CD-ROM.
---

# sakura_cdrom (Resource)

Manages a CD-ROM.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_cdrom" "foobar" {
  name        = "foobar"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]

  size           = 5
  iso_image_file = "test/dummy.iso"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `iso_image_file` (String) The file path to upload to as the CD-ROM.
- `name` (String) The name of the CD-ROM.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the CD-ROM. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the CD-ROM
- `size` (Number) The size of CD-ROM in GiB. This must be one of [`5`/`10`/`20`]
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the CD-ROM.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the CD-ROM will be created (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `hash` (String) The md5 checksum calculated from the uploaded ISO file
- `id` (String) The ID of the CD-ROM.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
