---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_cloudhsm Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Manages a CloudHSM.
---

# sakura_cloudhsm (Resource)

Manages a CloudHSM.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_cloudhsm" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  description = "foobar description"
  tags = ["terraform"]
  ipv4_network_address = "192.168.50.0"
  ipv4_netmask = 28
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ipv4_netmask` (Number) The IPv4 netmask of the CloudHSM
- `ipv4_network_address` (String) The IPv4 network address of the CloudHSM
- `name` (String) The name of the Cloud HSM.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Cloud HSM. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Cloud HSM.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `availability` (String) The availability status of the CloudHSM
- `created_at` (String) The creation date of the CloudHSM
- `id` (String) The ID of the Cloud HSM.
- `ipv4_address` (String) The IPv4 address of the CloudHSM
- `local_router` (Attributes) The local router information of the CloudHSM (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--local_router))
- `modified_at` (String) The modification date of the CloudHSM

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--local_router"></a>
### Nested Schema for `local_router`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the local router
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key of the local router
