---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_container_registry Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Container and Image"
description: |-
  Manages a Container Registry.
---

# sakura_container_registry (Resource)

Manages a Container Registry.

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable users {
  type = list(object({
    name       = string
    password   = string
    permission = string
  }))
  default = [
    {
      name       = "user1"
      password   = "password1"
      permission = "all"
    },
    {
      name       = "user2"
      password   = "password2"
      permission = "readwrite"
    }
  ]
}

resource "sakura_container_registry" "foobar" {
  name            = "foobar"
  subdomain_label = "your-subdomain-label"
  access_level    = "readwrite" # this must be one of ["readwrite"/"readonly"/"none"]

  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]

  dynamic user {
    for_each = var.users
    content {
      name       = user.value.name
      password   = user.value.password
      permission = user.value.permission
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_level` (String) The level of access that allow to users. This must be one of [`readwrite`/`readonly`/`none`]
- `name` (String) The name of the Container Registry.
- `subdomain_label` (String) The label at the lowest of the FQDN used when be accessed from users. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`64`]

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Container Registry. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the Container Registry
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Container Registry.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `user` (Attributes Set) User accounts for accessing the container registry (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user))
- `virtual_domain` (String) The alias for accessing the container registry

### Read-Only

- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN for accessing the Container Registry. FQDN is built from `subdomain_label` + `.sakuracr.jp`
- `id` (String) The ID of the Container Registry.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--user"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user`

Required:

- `name` (String) The user name used to authenticate remote access
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password used to authenticate remote access
- `permission` (String) The level of access that allow to the user. This must be one of [`all`/`readwrite`/`readonly`]
