---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_database_read_replica Resource - sakura"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a Database Appliance's read replica
---

# sakura_database_read_replica (Resource)

Manages a Database Appliance's read replica

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_database_read_replica" "foobar" {
  master_id   = data.sakura_database.master.id
  network_interface = {
    ip_address  = "192.168.11.111"
  }
  name        = "foobar"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]
}

data "sakura_database" "master" {
  name = "master-database-name"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `master_id` (String) The id of the replication master database.
- `name` (String) The name of the Database Read Replica.
- `network_interface` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interface))

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Database Read Replica. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the Database Read Replica
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Database Read Replica.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the Database Read Replica will be created (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Database Read Replica.

<a id="nestedatt--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) The IP address to assign to the Database Replica

Optional:

- `gateway` (String) The IP address of the gateway used by Database Replica. If `gateway` isn't specified, it will be set to the same value of the master database
- `netmask` (Number) The bit length of the subnet to assign to the Database Replica. This must be in the range [`8`-`29`]. If `netmask` isn't specified, it will be set to the same value of the master database
- `source_ranges` (List of String) The range of source IP addresses that allow to access to the Database Replica via network
- `switch_id` (String) The id of the switch to which the Database Replica connects. If `switch_id` isn't specified, it will be set to the same value of the master database

Read-Only:

- `port` (Number) Placeholder for same code. Always 0


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
