---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_database Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Database"
description: |-
  Manages a Database appliance.
---

# sakura_database (Resource)

Manages a Database appliance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable username {}
variable password {}
variable replica_password {}

resource "sakura_database" "foobar" {
  database_type    = "mariadb"
  # database_version = "13" // optional
  plan             = "30g"

  username = var.username
  password = var.password

  replica_password = var.replica_password

  network_interface = {
    vswitch_id    = sakura_vswitch.foobar.id
    ip_address    = "192.168.11.11"
    netmask       = 24
    gateway       = "192.168.11.1"
    port          = 3306
    source_ranges = ["192.168.11.0/24", "192.168.12.0/24"]
  }

  backup = {
    time     = "00:00"
    weekdays = ["mon", "tue"]
  }

  parameters = {
    max_connections = 100
  }

  name        = "foobar"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]
}

resource "sakura_vswitch" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Database.
- `network_interface` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interface))
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password of default user on the database
- `username` (String) The name of default user on the database. The length of this value must be in the range [`3`-`20`]

### Optional

- `backup` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup))
- `database_type` (String) The type of the database. This must be one of [`mariadb`/`postgres`]
- `database_version` (String) The version of the database
- `description` (String) The description of the Database. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the Database
- `parameters` (Map of String) The map for setting RDBMS-specific parameters. Valid keys can be found with the `usacloud database list-parameters` command
- `plan` (String) The plan name of the Database. This must be one of [`10g`/`30g`/`90g`/`240g`/`500g`/`1t`]
- `replica_password` (String, Sensitive) The password of user that processing a replication
- `replica_user` (String) The name of user that processing a replication
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Database.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the Database will be created (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Database.

<a id="nestedatt--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface`

Required:

- `gateway` (String) The IP address of the gateway used by Database
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address to assign to the Database
- `netmask` (Number) The bit length of the subnet to assign to the Database. This must be in the range [`8`-`29`]
- `vswitch_id` (String) The id of the vSwitch to which the Database connects

Optional:

- `port` (Number) The number of the listening port. This must be in the range [`1024`-`65535`]
- `source_ranges` (List of String) The range of source IP addresses that allow to access to the Database via network


<a id="nestedatt--backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup`

Optional:

- `time` (String) The time to take backup. This must be formatted with `HH:mm`
- `weekdays` (Set of String) A list of weekdays to backed up. The values in the list must be in [`sun`/`mon`/`tue`/`wed`/`thu`/`fri`/`sat`]


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
