---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_disk Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Storage and Data"
description: |-
  Manages a Disk
---

# sakura_disk (Resource)

Manages a Disk

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_archive" "ubuntu" {
  os_type = "ubuntu"
}

resource "sakura_disk" "foobar" {
  name              = "foobar"
  plan              = "ssd"
  connector         = "virtio"
  size              = 20
  source_archive_id = data.sakura_archive.ubuntu.id
  #distant_from      = ["111111111111"]

  # dedicated_storage_id = sakura_dedicated_storage.foobar.id

  # For encryption
  #encryption_algorithm = "aes256_xts"
  #kms_key_id           = data.sakura_kms.foobar.id

  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Disk.

### Optional

- `connector` (String) The name of the disk connector. This must be one of [`virtio`/`ide`]
- `dedicated_storage_id` (String) ID of the dedicated storage
- `description` (String) The description of the Disk. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `distant_from` (Set of String) A list of disk id. The disk will be located to different storage from these disks
- `encryption_algorithm` (String) The disk encryption algorithm. This must be one of [`none`/`aes256_xts`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the Disk
- `kms_key_id` (String) ID of the KMS key for encryption
- `plan` (String) The plan name of the Disk. This must be one of [`ssd`/`hdd`]
- `server_id` (String) The id of the server connected to the Disk
- `size` (Number) The size of Disk in GiB
- `source_archive_id` (String) The id of the source archive. This conflicts with [`source_disk_id`]
- `source_disk_id` (String) The id of the source disk. This conflicts with [`source_archive_id`]
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Disk.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the Disk will be created (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Disk.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
