---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_dns Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages a DNS
---

# sakura_dns (Resource)

Manages a DNS

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_dns" "foobar" {
  zone        = "example.com"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]
  record = [{
    name  = "www"
    type  = "A"
    value = "192.168.11.1"
  },
  {
    name  = "www"
    type  = "A"
    value = "192.168.11.2"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `zone` (String) The target zone. (e.g. `example.com`)

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the DNS. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the DNS
- `record` (Attributes List) A list of DNS records. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--record))
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the DNS.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `dns_servers` (List of String) A list of IP address of DNS server that manage this zone
- `id` (String) The ID of the DNS.

<a id="nestedatt--record"></a>
### Nested Schema for `record`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the DNS.
- `type` (String) The type of DNS Record. This must be one of [`A`/`AAAA`/`ALIAS`/`CNAME`/`NS`/`MX`/`TXT`/`SRV`/`CAA`/`HTTPS`/`SVCB`/`PTR`]
- `value` (String) The value of the DNS Record.

Optional:

- `port` (Number) The number of port. This must be in the range [`1`-`65535`]
- `priority` (Number) The priority of target DNS Record. This must be in the range [`0`-`65535`]
- `ttl` (Number) The number of the TTL.
- `weight` (Number) The weight of target DNS Record. This must be in the range [`0`-`65535`]


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
