---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_enhanced_db Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Database"
description: |-
  Manages an EnhancedDB. sakura_enhanced_db is an experimental resource. Please note that you will need to update the tfstate manually if the resource schema is changed.
---

# sakura_enhanced_db (Resource)

Manages an EnhancedDB. sakura_enhanced_db is an experimental resource. Please note that you will need to update the tfstate manually if the resource schema is changed.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_enhanced_db" "foobar" {
  name          = "example"
  database_name = "exampledb"
  database_type = "tidb" # or "mariadb"
  region        = "is1"  # or "tk1"
  password_wo   = "password-123456789"
  password_wo_version = 1

  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `database_name` (String) The name of database
- `database_type` (String) The type of database. This must be one of [`tidb`/`mariadb`]
- `name` (String) The name of the Enhanced Database.
- `password_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The password of database
- `region` (String) The name of region that the database is in. This must be one of [`is1`/`tk1`]

### Optional

- `allowed_networks` (List of String) A list of CIDR blocks allowed to connect
- `description` (String) The description of the Enhanced Database. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the Enhanced Database
- `password_wo_version` (Number) The version of the password_wo field. This value must be greater than 0 when set. Increment this when changing password.
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Enhanced Database.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `hostname` (String) The name of database host. This will be built from `database_name` + `tidb-is1.db.sakurausercontent.com`
- `id` (String) The ID of the Enhanced Database.
- `max_connections` (Number) The value of max connections setting

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
