---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_enhanced_lb_acme Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages an Enhanced Load Balancer's ACME
---

# sakura_enhanced_lb_acme (Resource)

Manages an Enhanced Load Balancer's ACME

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_enhanced_lb_acme" "foobar" {
  enhanced_lb_id    = sakura_enhanced_lb.foobar.id
  accept_tos        = true
  common_name       = "www.example.com"
  subject_alt_names = ["www1.example.com"]

  update_delay_sec             = 120
  get_certificates_timeout_sec = 120
}

data "sakura_enhanced_lb" "foobar" {
    name = "foobar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `accept_tos` (Boolean) The flag to accept the current Let's Encrypt terms of service(see: https://letsencrypt.org/repository/). This must be set `true` explicitly
- `common_name` (String) The FQDN used by ACME. This must set resolvable value
- `enhanced_lb_id` (String) The id of the Enhanced LB that set ACME settings to

### Optional

- `get_certificates_timeout_sec` (Number) The timeout in seconds for the certificate acquisition to complete
- `subject_alt_names` (Set of String) The Subject alternative names used by ACME
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `update_delay_sec` (Number) The wait time in seconds. This typically used for waiting for a DNS propagation

### Read-Only

- `certificate` (Attributes) The certificate information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate))
- `id` (String) The ID of the Enhanced LB ACME.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.


<a id="nestedatt--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate`

Read-Only:

- `additional_certificate` (Attributes List) The additional certificates (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate--additional_certificate))
- `common_name` (String) The common name of the certificate
- `intermediate_cert` (String) The intermediate certificate for a server
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key for a server
- `server_cert` (String) The certificate for a server
- `subject_alt_names` (String) The subject alternative names of the certificate

<a id="nestedatt--certificate--additional_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate.additional_certificate`

Read-Only:

- `intermediate_cert` (String) The intermediate certificate for a server
- `private_key` (String, Sensitive) The private key for a server
- `server_cert` (String) The certificate for a server
