---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_eventbus_trigger Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Application Integration"
description: |-
  Manages a EventBus Trigger.
---

# sakura_eventbus_trigger (Resource)

Manages a EventBus Trigger.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_eventbus_trigger" "foobar" {
  name        = "foobar"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]

  process_configuration_id = sakura_eventbus_process_configuration.foobar.id
  source                   = "test-source"
  types                    = ["type1", "type2"]
  conditions               = [
    {
      key    = "key1"
      op     = "in"
      values = ["foo", "bar"]
    },
    {
      key    = "key2"
      op     = "eq"
      values = ["buz"]
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the EventBus Trigger.
- `process_configuration_id` (String) The ProcessConfiguration ID of the EventBus Trigger.
- `source` (String) The source of the EventBus Trigger.

### Optional

- `conditions` (Attributes List) The conditions of the EventBus Trigger. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions))
- `description` (String) The description of the EventBus Trigger. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the EventBus Trigger
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the EventBus Trigger.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `types` (Set of String) The types of the EventBus Trigger.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the EventBus Trigger.

<a id="nestedatt--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Required:

- `key` (String) The key of the condition for EventBus Trigger.
- `op` (String) The operator of the condition for EventBus Trigger.
- `values` (Set of String) The values of the condition for EventBus Trigger. Length shoud be 1 when `op` is `eq`, and at least 1 when `op` is `in`.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
