---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_eventbus_schedule Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Application Integration"
description: |-
  Manages a EventBus Schedule.
---

# sakura_eventbus_schedule (Resource)

Manages a EventBus Schedule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_eventbus_schedule" "foobar" {
  name        = "foobar"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]

  process_configuration_id = sakura_eventbus_process_configuration.foobar.id
  starts_at                = 1700000000000
  recurring_step           = 1
  recurring_unit           = "day"
  # or
  # crontab                  = "*/15 * * * *"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the EventBus Schedule.
- `process_configuration_id` (String) The ProcessConfiguration ID of the EventBus Schedule.
- `starts_at` (Number) The start time of the EventBus Schedule. (in epoch milliseconds)

### Optional

- `crontab` (String) Crontab of the EventBus Schedule.
- `description` (String) The description of the EventBus Schedule. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the EventBus Schedule
- `recurring_step` (Number) The RecurringStep of the EventBus Schedule.
- `recurring_unit` (String) The RecurringUnit of the EventBus Schedule.
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the EventBus Schedule.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the EventBus Schedule.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
