---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_gslb Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manage a GSLB.
---

# sakura_gslb (Resource)

Manage a GSLB.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_gslb" "foobar" {
  name = "example"

  health_check = {
    protocol    = "http"
    delay_loop  = 10
    host_header = "example.com"
    path        = "/"
    status      = "200"
  }

  sorry_server = "192.2.0.1"

  server = [{
    ip_address = "192.2.0.11"
    weight     = 1
    enabled    = true
  },
  {
    ip_address = "192.2.0.12"
    weight     = 1
    enabled    = true
  }]

  monitoring_suite = {
    enabled = true
  }

  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `health_check` (Attributes) Health check configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check))
- `name` (String) The name of the GSLB.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the GSLB. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the GSLB
- `monitoring_suite` (Attributes) The monitoring suite settings of the GSLB. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--monitoring_suite))
- `server` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--server))
- `sorry_server` (String) The IP address of the SorryServer. This will be used when all servers are down
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the GSLB.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `weighted` (Boolean) The flag to enable weighted load-balancing

### Read-Only

- `fqdn` (String) The FQDN for accessing to the GSLB. This is typically used as value of CNAME record
- `id` (String) The ID of the GSLB.

<a id="nestedatt--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check`

Required:

- `protocol` (String) The protocol used for health checks. This must be one of [`http`/`https`/`tcp`/`ping`]

Optional:

- `delay_loop` (Number) The interval in seconds between checks. This must be in the range [`10`-`60`]
- `host_header` (String) The value of host header send when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
- `path` (String) The path used when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
- `port` (Number) The port number used when checking by TCP/HTTP/HTTPS
- `status` (String) The response-code to expect when checking by HTTP/HTTPS


<a id="nestedatt--monitoring_suite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_suite`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable sending signals to Monitoring Suite


<a id="nestedatt--server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `server`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) The IP address of the server

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) The flag to enable as destination of load balancing
- `weight` (Number) The weight used when weighted load balancing is enabled. This must be in the range [`1`-`10000`]


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
