---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_iam_auth Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Manages an IAM Authentication settings.
---

# sakura_iam_auth (Resource)

Manages an IAM Authentication settings.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_iam_auth" "foobar" {
  password_policy = {
    min_length = 12
    require_uppercase = true
    require_lowercase = true
    require_symbols = false
  }
  conditions = {
    ip_restriction = {
      mode = "allow_list"
      source_network = ["192.168.10.1"]
    }
    require_two_factor_auth = false
    datetime_restriction = {
      after = "2026-01-01T00:00:00+09:00",
      before = "2027-02-01T00:00:00+09:00",
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `conditions` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions))
- `password_policy` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--password_policy))
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

<a id="nestedatt--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Optional:

- `datetime_restriction` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--datetime_restriction))
- `ip_restriction` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--conditions--ip_restriction))
- `require_two_factor_auth` (Boolean) Whether to require two-factor authentication.

<a id="nestedatt--conditions--datetime_restriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.datetime_restriction`

Optional:

- `after` (String) The start time for datetime restriction.
- `before` (String) The end time for datetime restriction.


<a id="nestedatt--conditions--ip_restriction"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.ip_restriction`

Optional:

- `mode` (String) The mode of IP restriction.
- `source_network` (List of String) The source networks for IP restriction.



<a id="nestedatt--password_policy"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_policy`

Optional:

- `min_length` (Number) The minimum length of the password.
- `require_lowercase` (Boolean) Whether to require lowercase letters in the password.
- `require_symbols` (Boolean) Whether to require symbols in the password.
- `require_uppercase` (Boolean) Whether to require uppercase letters in the password.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
