---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_iam_user_provisioning Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Manages an IAM User Provisioning (SCIM) configuration.
---

# sakura_iam_user_provisioning (Resource)

Manages an IAM User Provisioning (SCIM) configuration.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_iam_user_provisioning" "foobar" {
  name = "TestID"
  # For secret token regeneration, set higher token version.
  # token_version = 2
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the IAM User Provisioning.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `token_version` (Number) The version of secret_token. Increment this to regenerate the token.

### Read-Only

- `base_url` (String) The base URL of the IAM User Provisioning SCIM endpoint.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the IAM User Provisioning
- `id` (String) The ID of the IAM User Provisioning.
- `secret_token` (String, Sensitive) The secret token for IAM User Provisioning SCIM authentication.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp of the IAM User Provisioning

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
