---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_iam_project_apikey Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Manages an IAM Project API Key.
---

# sakura_iam_project_apikey (Resource)

Manages an IAM Project API Key.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_iam_project_apikey" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  description = "description"
  project_id = "project-id" // This project must hav permissions to create API keys
  iam_roles = ["resource-creator"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `iam_roles` (List of String) The IAM roles assigned to the IAM Project API Key
- `name` (String) The name of the IAM Project API Key.
- `project_id` (String) The project ID associated with the IAM Project API Key

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the IAM Project API Key. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `server_resource_id` (String) The server resource ID of IAM Project API Key.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The zone of IAM Project API Key.

### Read-Only

- `access_token` (String) The access token of the IAM Project API Key.
- `access_token_secret` (String, Sensitive) The access token secret of the IAM Project API Key.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the IAM Project API Key
- `id` (String) The ID of the IAM Project API Key.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp of the IAM Project API Key

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
