---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_iam_user Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Platform"
description: |-
  Manages an IAM User.
---

# sakura_iam_user (Resource)

Manages an IAM User.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_iam_user" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  code = "foobar-code"
  description = "description"
  email = "foobar@sakura.ad.jp"
  password_wo = "PassWord!1234567"
  password_wo_version = 1
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `code` (String) The code of the IAM User
- `name` (String) The name of the IAM User.
- `password_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Password for NoSQL appliance

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the IAM User. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `email` (String) The email of the IAM User
- `password_wo_version` (Number) The version of the password_wo field. This value must be greater than 0 when set. Increment this when changing password.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the IAM User
- `id` (String) The ID of the IAM User.
- `member` (Attributes) The member information of the IAM User (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--member))
- `otp` (Attributes) The OTP settings of the IAM User (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--otp))
- `passwordless` (Boolean) Whether passwordless authentication is enabled for the IAM User
- `security_key_registered` (Boolean) Whether a security key is registered for the IAM User
- `status` (String) The status of the IAM User
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp of the IAM User

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--member"></a>
### Nested Schema for `member`

Read-Only:

- `code` (String) The member code associated with the IAM User
- `id` (String) The member ID associated with the IAM User


<a id="nestedatt--otp"></a>
### Nested Schema for `otp`

Read-Only:

- `has_recovery_code` (Boolean) Whether the IAM User has recovery code for OTP
- `status` (String) The OTP status of the IAM User
