---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_internet Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages an Internet(Switch + Router).
---

# sakura_internet (Resource)

Manages an Internet(Switch + Router).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_internet" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"

  netmask     = 28
  band_width  = 100
  enable_ipv6 = false

  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Internet(switch+router).

### Optional

- `band_width` (Number) The bandwidth of the network connected to the Internet in Mbps. `100`/`250`/`500`/`1000`/`1500`/`2000`/`2500`/`3000`/`3500`/`4000`/`4500`/`5000`/`5500`/`6000`/`6500`/`7000`/`7500`/`8000`/`8500`/`9000`/`9500`/`10000`
- `description` (String) The description of the Internet(switch+router). The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `enable_ipv6` (Boolean) The flag to enable IPv6
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the Internet(switch+router)
- `netmask` (Number) The bit length of the subnet assigned to the Internet(switch+router). `26`/`27`/`28`
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Internet(switch+router).
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the Internet(switch+router) will be created (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `gateway` (String) The IP address of the gateway used by the Internet(switch+router)
- `id` (String) The ID of the Internet(switch+router).
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) A set of assigned global address to the Internet(switch+router)
- `ipv6_network_address` (String) The IPv6 network address assigned to the Internet(switch+router)
- `ipv6_prefix` (String) The network prefix of assigned IPv6 addresses to the Internet(switch+router)
- `ipv6_prefix_len` (Number) The bit length of IPv6 network prefix
- `max_ip_address` (String) Maximum IP address in assigned global addresses to the Internet(switch+router)
- `min_ip_address` (String) Minimum IP address in assigned global addresses to the Internet(switch+router)
- `network_address` (String) The IPv4 network address assigned to the Internet(switch+router)
- `server_ids` (List of String) A set of the ID of Servers connected to the Internet(switch+router)
- `vswitch_id` (String) The id of the vSwitch

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
