---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_ipv4_ptr Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages an IPv4 PTR.
---

# sakura_ipv4_ptr (Resource)

Manages an IPv4 PTR.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource sakura_server "server" {
  name = "foobar"
  network_interface = [{
    upstream = "shared"
  }]
}

resource "sakura_ipv4_ptr" "foobar" {
  ip_address     = sakura_server.server.ip_address
  hostname       = "www.example.com"
  retry_max      = 30
  retry_interval = 10
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `hostname` (String) The value of the PTR record. This must be FQDN
- `ip_address` (String) The IP address to which the PTR record is set

### Optional

- `retry_interval` (Number) The wait interval(in seconds) for retrying API call used when SakuraCloud API returns any errors
- `retry_max` (Number) The maximum number of API call retries used when SakuraCloud API returns any errors
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the IPv4 PTR will be created (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the IPv4 PTR.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
