---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_monitoring_suite_log_storage Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Monitoring"
description: |-
  Manages a Monitoring Suite Log Storage.
---

# sakura_monitoring_suite_log_storage (Resource)

Manages a Monitoring Suite Log Storage.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_monitoring_suite_log_storage" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  description = "description"
  classification = "shared" # or "dedicated"
  is_system = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Monitoring Suite Log Storage.

### Optional

- `classification` (String) The bucket classification of the Log Storage.
- `description` (String) The description of the Monitoring Suite Log Storage. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `is_system` (Boolean) The flag to indicate whether this is a system Log Storage.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The account ID of the Log Storage.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the Monitoring Suite Log Storage
- `endpoints` (Attributes) The endpoints of the Log Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints))
- `expire_day` (Number) The expiration day of the Log Storage.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Monitoring Suite Log Storage.
- `resource_id` (String) The resource ID of the Log Storage.
- `usage` (Attributes) The usage of the Log Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--usage))

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).


<a id="nestedatt--endpoints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints`

Read-Only:

- `ingester` (Attributes) The ingester endpoint for the Log Storage. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoints--ingester))

<a id="nestedatt--endpoints--ingester"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoints.ingester`

Read-Only:

- `address` (String) The ingester address for the Log Storage.
- `insecure` (Boolean) The flag to indicate whether the ingester uses insecure connection.



<a id="nestedatt--usage"></a>
### Nested Schema for `usage`

Read-Only:

- `log_measure_rules` (Number) The number of Log Measure Rules.
- `log_routings` (Number) The number of Log Routings.
