---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_rule Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Monitoring"
description: |-
  Manages a Monitoring Suite Alert Rule.
---

# sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_rule (Resource)

Manages a Monitoring Suite Alert Rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_rule" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  alert_id = "alert-project-resource-id" # e.g. sakura_monitoring_suite_alert.foobar.id
  metric_storage_id = "metric-storage-resource-id" # e.g. sakura_monitoring_suite_metric_storage.foobar.id 
  query = "count_values"
  enabled_warning = true
  enabled_critical = true
  threshold_warning = ">=10"
  threshold_critical = ">=20"
  threshold_duration_warning = 600
  threshold_duration_critical = 600
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alert_id` (String) The resource ID of the Alert Project.
- `metric_storage_id` (String) The metric storage ID of the Alert Rule.
- `name` (String) The name of the Monitoring Suite Alert Rule.
- `query` (String) The query of the Alert Rule.

### Optional

- `enabled_critical` (Boolean) Whether to enable critical level of the Alert Rule.
- `enabled_warning` (Boolean) Whether to enable warning level of the Alert Rule.
- `format` (String) The format of the Alert Rule.
- `template` (String) The template of the Alert Rule.
- `threshold_critical` (String) The threshold of critical level of the Alert Rule.
- `threshold_duration_critical` (Number) The threshold duration (in seconds) of critical level of the Alert Rule.
- `threshold_duration_warning` (Number) The threshold duration (in seconds) of warning level of the Alert Rule.
- `threshold_warning` (String) The threshold of warning level of the Alert Rule.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Monitoring Suite Alert Rule.
- `open` (Boolean) Whether the Alert Rule is open.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
