---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_notification_routing Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Monitoring"
description: |-
  Manages a Monitoring Suite Alert Notification Routing.
---

# sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_notification_routing (Resource)

Manages a Monitoring Suite Alert Notification Routing.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_notification_routing" "foobar" {
  alert_project_id = "alert-project-resource-id" # e.g. sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_project.foobar.id
  notification_target_id = "notification-target-resource-id" # e.g. sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_notification_target.foobar.id
  resend_interval_minutes = 60
  match_labels = [{
    "name" = "foo"
    "value" = "bar"
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alert_project_id` (String) The resource ID of the Alert Project.
- `match_labels` (Attributes List) The list of match label of the Alert Notification Routing. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--match_labels))
- `notification_target_id` (String) The UUID based ID of the Alert Notification Target.

### Optional

- `resend_interval_minutes` (Number) The resend interval in minutes of the Alert Notification Routing.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Monitoring Suite Alert Notification Routing.
- `order` (Number) The order of the Alert Notification Routing.

<a id="nestedatt--match_labels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `match_labels`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the match label.
- `value` (String) The value of the match label.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
