---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_notification_target Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Monitoring"
description: |-
  Manages a Monitoring Suite Alert Notification Target.
---

# sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_notification_target (Resource)

Manages a Monitoring Suite Alert Notification Target.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_notification_target" "foobar" {
  alert_project_id = "alert-project-resource-id" # e.g. sakura_monitoring_suite_alert_project.foobar.id
  description = "description"
  service_type = "simple_notification" # or "eventbus"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `alert_project_id` (String) The resource ID of the Alert Project.
- `service_type` (String) The service type of the Alert Notification Target.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Monitoring Suite Alert Notification Target. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `url` (String) The URL of the Alert Notification Target.

### Read-Only

- `config` (String) The config of the Alert Notification Target.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Monitoring Suite Alert Notification Target.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
