---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_nfs Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Storage and Data"
description: |-
  Manages a NFS.
---

# sakura_nfs (Resource)

Manages a NFS.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_nfs" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  plan = "ssd"
  size = "500"

  network_interface = {
    vswitch_id  = sakura_vswitch.foobar.id
    ip_address  = "192.168.11.101"
    netmask     = 24
    gateway     = "192.168.11.1"
  }

  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]
}

resource "sakura_vswitch" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the NFS.
- `network_interface` (Attributes) The network interface of the NFS. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network_interface))

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the NFS. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the NFS
- `plan` (String) The plan name of the NFS. This must be one of [`hdd`/`ssd`]
- `size` (Number) The size of NFS in GiB
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the NFS.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the NFS will be created (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the NFS.

<a id="nestedatt--network_interface"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network_interface`

Required:

- `ip_address` (String) The IP address to assign to the NFS
- `netmask` (Number) The bit length of the subnet to assign to the NFS. This must be in the range [`8`-`29`]
- `vswitch_id` (String) The id of the vSwitch to which the NFS connects

Optional:

- `gateway` (String) The IP address of the gateway used by NFS


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
