---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_nosql_additional_nodes Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Database"
description: |-
  Manages additional nodes of NoSQL appliance.
---

# sakura_nosql_additional_nodes (Resource)

Manages additional nodes of NoSQL appliance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_switch" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
}

data "sakura_nosql" "primary" {
  name = "foobar"
}

resource "sakura_nosql_additional_nodes" "foobar" {
  name        = "foobar-additional"
  tags        = ["nosql"]
  description = "KVS database additional nodes"
  switch_id   = data.sakura_switch.foobar.id
  settings = {
    reserve_ip_address = "192.168.0.9"
  }
  remark = {
    nosql = {
      primary_nodes = {
        id = data.sakura_nosql.primary.id
        zone = data.sakura_nosql.primary.remark.nosql.zone
      }
      version = data.sakura_nosql.primary.remark.nosql.version
      zone = data.sakura_nosql.primary.remark.nosql.zone
    }
    servers = [
      "192.168.0.7",
      "192.168.0.8",
    ]
    network = {
      gateway = "192.168.0.1"
      netmask = 24
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Additional nodes of NoSQL appliance.
- `remark` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remark))
- `settings` (Attributes) Settings of the Additional nodes of NoSQL appliance (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings))
- `switch_id` (String) The ID of the switch to connect to the Additional nodes of NoSQL appliance.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Additional nodes of NoSQL appliance. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Additional nodes of NoSQL appliance.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `availability` (String) Availability state. state is one of migrating / available / failed
- `created_at` (String) Creation time
- `disk` (Attributes) Disk encryption information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disk))
- `generation` (Number) Generation number
- `id` (String) The ID of the Additional nodes of NoSQL appliance.
- `instance` (Attributes) Instance and host information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance))
- `interfaces` (Attributes List) Network interfaces (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces))

<a id="nestedatt--remark"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remark`

Required:

- `network` (Attributes) Network information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remark--network))
- `nosql` (Attributes) NoSQL database information (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remark--nosql))
- `servers` (List of String) IP addresses which connect to user's switch

Read-Only:

- `zone_id` (String) Zone ID where NoSQL appliance is located.

<a id="nestedatt--remark--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remark.network`

Required:

- `gateway` (String) The gateway address of the network
- `netmask` (Number) The netmask of the network


<a id="nestedatt--remark--nosql"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remark.nosql`

Required:

- `primary_nodes` (Attributes) The primary node information for additional nodes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--remark--nosql--primary_nodes))
- `version` (String) Version of database engine used by NoSQL appliance.
- `zone` (String) Zone where the additional nodes of NoSQL appliance is located.

Read-Only:

- `default_user` (String) Default user for NoSQL appliance.
- `disk_size` (Number) Disk size of NoSQL appliance.
- `engine` (String) Database engine used by NoSQL appliance.
- `memory` (Number) Memory size of NoSQL appliance.
- `nodes` (Number) Number of nodes. 3 for primary node, 2 for additional nodes
- `port` (Number) Port number used by NoSQL appliance.
- `virtualcore` (Number) Number of virtual cores used by NoSQL appliance.

<a id="nestedatt--remark--nosql--primary_nodes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `remark.nosql.primary_nodes`

Required:

- `id` (String) The resource ID of the primary NoSQL appliance
- `zone` (String) Zone where the primary NoSQL appliance is located.




<a id="nestedatt--settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings`

Required:

- `reserve_ip_address` (String) Reserved IP address. This address is used for dead node replacement

Read-Only:

- `backup` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--backup))
- `repair` (Attributes) Regular repair configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--repair))
- `source_network` (List of String) Source network address

<a id="nestedatt--settings--backup"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.backup`

Read-Only:

- `connect` (String) Backup destination by NFS URL format
- `days_of_week` (Set of String) Backup schedule
- `rotate` (Number) Number of backup rotations
- `time` (String) Time for backup execution


<a id="nestedatt--settings--repair"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.repair`

Read-Only:

- `full` (Attributes) Full repair configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--repair--full))
- `incremental` (Attributes) Incremental repair configuration (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--settings--repair--incremental))

<a id="nestedatt--settings--repair--full"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.repair.full`

Read-Only:

- `day_of_week` (String) Repair schedule
- `interval` (Number) Execution interval of 7 days. Supported values are 7 / 14 / 21 / 28
- `time` (String) Time for full repair execution


<a id="nestedatt--settings--repair--incremental"></a>
### Nested Schema for `settings.repair.incremental`

Read-Only:

- `days_of_week` (Set of String) Repair schedule
- `time` (String) Time for incremental repair execution




<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.


<a id="nestedatt--disk"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk`

Read-Only:

- `encryption_algorithm` (String) Encryption algorithm for Disk encryption
- `encryption_key` (Attributes) Encryption key setting. Specify KMS key ID. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--disk--encryption_key))

<a id="nestedatt--disk--encryption_key"></a>
### Nested Schema for `disk.encryption_key`

Required:

- `kms_key_id` (String) KMS key ID for Disk encryption



<a id="nestedatt--instance"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance`

Read-Only:

- `host` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance--host))
- `hosts` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--instance--hosts))
- `status` (String) The NoSQL instance status. 'up' or 'down'
- `status_changed_at` (String) The time when the status was last changed

<a id="nestedatt--instance--host"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance.host`

Read-Only:

- `info_url` (String) The information URL of the host where NoSQL appliance is running
- `name` (String) The host name where NoSQL appliance is running


<a id="nestedatt--instance--hosts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `instance.hosts`

Read-Only:

- `info_url` (String) The information URL of the host where NoSQL appliance is running
- `name` (String) The host name where NoSQL appliance is running



<a id="nestedatt--interfaces"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces`

Read-Only:

- `hostname` (String) Hostname assigned to the interface
- `ip_address` (String) IP Address assigned to the interface
- `switch` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces--switch))
- `user_ip_address` (String) IP Address which connect to user's switch

<a id="nestedatt--interfaces--switch"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.switch`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The ID of the switch connected to the interface
- `name` (String) The name of the switch connected to the interface
- `scope` (String) The scope of the switch connected to the interface
- `subnet` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces--switch--subnet))
- `user_subnet` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--interfaces--switch--user_subnet))

<a id="nestedatt--interfaces--switch--subnet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.switch.subnet`

Read-Only:

- `band_width_mbps` (Number) The bandwidth in Mbps of the subnet connected to the interface
- `gateway` (String) The gateway of the subnet connected to the interface
- `netmask` (Number) The netmask of the subnet connected to the interface
- `network_address` (String) The network address of the subnet connected to the interface


<a id="nestedatt--interfaces--switch--user_subnet"></a>
### Nested Schema for `interfaces.switch.user_subnet`

Read-Only:

- `gateway` (String) The gateway of the user subnet connected to the interface
- `netmask` (Number) The netmask of the user subnet connected to the interface
