---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_object_storage_object Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Storage and Data"
description: |-
  Manages an Object Storage's Object
---

# sakura_object_storage_object (Resource)

Manages an Object Storage's Object

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_object_storage_object" "foobar" {
  bucket = sakura_object_storage_bucket.foobar.name
  key    = "foobar.txt"
  access_key = sakura_object_storage_permission.foobar.access_key
  secret_key = sakura_object_storage_permission.foobar.secret_key
  content = "Hello World!"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) The access key for the Object Storage Object.
- `bucket` (String) The bucket of the Object Storage Object.
- `key` (String) The key of the Object Storage Object.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key for the Object Storage Object.

### Optional

- `acl` (String) The ACL of the Object Storage Object.
- `cache_control` (String) The cache control setting for the Object Storage object
- `content` (String) The content of the Object Storage Object. Conflicts with `source` and `content_base64`.
- `content_base64` (String) The base64-encoded content of the Object Storage Object. Conflicts with `source` and `content`.
- `content_encoding` (String) The content encoding of the Object Storage Object.
- `content_language` (String) The content language of the Object Storage Object.
- `content_type` (String) The content type of the Object Storage Object.
- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint for the Object Storage Object. Currently, only `s3.isk01.sakurastorage.jp` is supported as the endpoint.
- `server_side_encryption` (String) The server-side encryption algorithm to use for the Object Storage Object. Supported value is now `AES256(S3)`.
- `source` (String) The path to a file that will be uploaded as the Object Storage Object. Conflicts with `content` and `content_base64`.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `user_metadata` (Map of String) A map of user-defined metadata to store with the Object Storage Object.
- `user_tags` (Map of String) A map of user-defined tags to store with the Object Storage Object.

### Read-Only

- `etag` (String) The ETag of the Object Storage Object.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Object Storage Object.
- `last_modified` (String) The last modified time of the Object Storage Object.
- `storage_class` (String) The storage class of the Object Storage Object.
- `version_id` (String) The version ID of the Object Storage Object.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
