---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_object_storage_bucket_versioning Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Storage and Data"
description: |-
  Manages an Object Storage's Bucket Versioning.
  This resource needs object_storage_permission's access_key/secret_key for the S3-compatible API.
---

# sakura_object_storage_bucket_versioning (Resource)

Manages an Object Storage's Bucket Versioning.

This resource needs object_storage_permission's access_key/secret_key for the S3-compatible API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_object_storage_bucket_versioning" "foobar" {
  bucket  = sakura_object_storage_bucket.foobar.name
  access_key = sakura_object_storage_permission.foobar.access_key
  secret_key = sakura_object_storage_permission.foobar.secret_key
  versioning_configuration = {
    status = "Enabled"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) The access key for the Object Storage Bucket Versioning.
- `bucket` (String) The bucket of the Object Storage Bucket Versioning.
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key for the Object Storage Bucket Versioning.
- `versioning_configuration` (Attributes) The versioning configuration for the Object Storage Bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--versioning_configuration))

### Optional

- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint for the Object Storage Bucket Versioning. Currently, only `s3.isk01.sakurastorage.jp` is supported as the endpoint.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the ObjectStorage Bucket Versioning.

<a id="nestedatt--versioning_configuration"></a>
### Nested Schema for `versioning_configuration`

Required:

- `status` (String) The versioning status of the Object Storage Bucket. Supported values are `Enabled` and `Suspended`.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
