---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_object_storage_bucket_cors Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Storage and Data"
description: |-
  Manages an Object Storage's Bucket CORS Configuration.
  This resource needs object_storage_permission's access_key/secret_key for the S3-compatible API.
---

# sakura_object_storage_bucket_cors (Resource)

Manages an Object Storage's Bucket CORS Configuration.

This resource needs object_storage_permission's access_key/secret_key for the S3-compatible API.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_object_storage_bucket_cors" "foobar" {
  bucket  = sakura_object_storage_bucket.foobar.name
  access_key = sakura_object_storage_permission.foobar.access_key
  secret_key = sakura_object_storage_permission.foobar.secret_key
  cors_rules = [{
    allowed_methods = ["GET", "PUT"]
    allowed_origins = ["https://obj-storage.example.jp"]
    expose_headers = ["ETag"]
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `access_key` (String, Sensitive) The access key for the Object Storage Bucket CORS.
- `bucket` (String) The bucket of the Object Storage Bucket CORS.
- `cors_rules` (Attributes List) The CORS rules for the Object Storage Bucket. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cors_rules))
- `secret_key` (String, Sensitive) The secret key for the Object Storage Bucket CORS.

### Optional

- `endpoint` (String) The endpoint for the Object Storage Bucket CORS. Currently, only `s3.isk01.sakurastorage.jp` is supported as the endpoint.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Object Storage Bucket CORS.

<a id="nestedatt--cors_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors_rules`

Required:

- `allowed_methods` (Set of String) The set of HTTP methods that are allowed to access the origin.
- `allowed_origins` (Set of String) The set of origins that are allowed to access to the bucket.

Optional:

- `allowed_headers` (Set of String) The set of headers used in `Access-Control-Request-Headers`
- `expose_headers` (Set of String) The set of headers in the response that users can access from the application.
- `id` (String) The ID of the CORS rule.
- `max_age_seconds` (Number) The time in seconds that the browser is to cache the preflight response.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
