---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_object_storage_permission Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Storage and Data"
description: |-
  Manages an Object Storage's Permission.
---

# sakura_object_storage_permission (Resource)

Manages an Object Storage's Permission.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_object_storage_permission" "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  site_id = sakura_object_storage_bucket.foobar.site_id
  bucket_controls = [{
    bucket = sakura_object_storage_bucket.foobar.name
    can_read = true
    can_write = true
  }]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bucket_controls` (Attributes List) The bucket controls for the Object Storage Permission. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--bucket_controls))
- `name` (String) The name of the Object Storage Permission.
- `site_id` (String) The ID of the Object Storage Site.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `access_key` (String) The access key for the Object Storage Permission.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Object Storage Permission.
- `secret_key` (String) The secret key for the Object Storage Permission.

<a id="nestedatt--bucket_controls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `bucket_controls`

Required:

- `bucket` (String) The bucket name for the Object Storage Permission.

Optional:

- `can_read` (Boolean) Whether the permission can read from the bucket.
- `can_write` (Boolean) Whether the permission can write to the bucket.


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
