---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_private_host Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Computing"
description: |-
  Manages a Private Host.
---

# sakura_private_host (Resource)

Manages a Private Host.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_private_host" "foobar" {
  name        = "foobar"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]

  # dedicated_storage_id = sakura_dedicated_storage.foobar.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the PrivateHost.

### Optional

- `class` (String) The class of the PrivateHost. This will be one of [`dynamic`/`ms_windows`]
- `dedicated_storage_id` (String) ID of the dedicated storage (input-only). This value is not returned by the backend API, so Terraform cannot detect drift for this attribute. Note: it cannot be restored via `terraform import`
- `description` (String) The description of the PrivateHost. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the PrivateHost
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the PrivateHost.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the PrivateHost will be created (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `assigned_core` (Number) The total number of CPUs assigned to servers on the private host
- `assigned_memory` (Number) The total size of memory assigned to servers on the private host
- `hostname` (String) The hostname of the private host
- `id` (String) The ID of the PrivateHost.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
