---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_script Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Misc"
description: |-
  Manages a Script(note in v2).
---

# sakura_script (Resource)

Manages a Script(note in v2).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_script" "foobar" {
  name    = "foobar"
  content = file("startup-script.sh")
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `content` (String) The content of the Script. This must be specified as a shell script or as a cloud-config
- `name` (String) The name of the Script.

### Optional

- `class` (String) The class of the Script. This must be one of `shell`/`yaml_cloud_config`
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the Script
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Script.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `description` (String) The description of the Script. This will be computed from special tags within body of `content`
- `id` (String) The ID of the Script.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
