---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_security_control_automated_action Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-
  Manages a Security Control's Automated Action.
---

# sakura_security_control_automated_action (Resource)

Manages a Security Control's Automated Action.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_security_control_automated_action" "foobar" {
  name        = "foobar"
  description = "description"
  enabled     = true
  action = {
    type = "simple_notification"
    parameters = {
      service_principal_id = "your-service-principal-id",
      target_id = "your-simple-notification-group-id"
    }
    /* for workflows
    type = "workflows"
    parameters = {
      service_principal_id = "your-service-principal-id",
      target_id = "your-workflows-id"
      revision = 2
      args = "{\"sample\":10}"
      name = "from-tf"
    }
     */
  }
  execution_condition = "event.evaluationResult.status == \"REJECTED\""
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `action` (Attributes) The settings for Automated Action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action))
- `execution_condition` (String) The CEL expression that defines the condition for Automated Action trigger
- `name` (String) The name of the Automated Action.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the Automated Action. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the Automated Action is enabled
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the Automated Action
- `id` (String) The ID of the Automated Action.

<a id="nestedatt--action"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action`

Required:

- `parameters` (Attributes) The parameters for Automated Action (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--action--parameters))
- `type` (String) The triggered type of Automated Action. This must be one of [`simple_notification`/`workflows`]

<a id="nestedatt--action--parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `action.parameters`

Required:

- `service_principal_id` (String) The Service Principal ID associated with the Automated Action
- `target_id` (String) The id of target resource for the Automated Action

Optional:

- `args` (String) The json formatted arguments to be passed to the workflow
- `name` (String) The name of the workflow execution
- `revision` (Number) The revision number of workflow to be executed
- `revision_alias` (String) The revision alias of workflow to be executed



<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
