---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_seg Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages a Service Endpoint Gateway.
---

# sakura_seg (Resource)

Manages a Service Endpoint Gateway.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_vswitch" "foobar" {
	name = "foobar" 
	zone = "tk1b" # zone name # e.g. is1a 
}

resource "sakura_seg" "foobar" {
	vswitch_id  = sakura_vswitch.foobar.id
	zone        = sakura_vswitch.foobar.zone 
	server_ip_addresses = ["server_ip_address"] # e,g. 192.168.1.1 
	netmask     = 28 # 8-29
	endpoint_setting = {
		object_storage_endpoints = ["sakura-object-storage-endpoint"] # e.g. s3.isk01.sakurastorage.jp, s3.tky01.sakurastorage.jp
		monitoring_suite_endpoints = ["sakura-monitoring-suite-endpoint"] # e.g *****.logs.monitoring.global.api.salocloud.jp
		container_registry_endpoints = [""] # e.g. *****.sakuracr.jp
		ai_engine_endpoints = [""] # e.g. api.ai.sakura.ad.jp
		app_run_dedicated_control_enabled = true 
	}
	monitoring_suite_enabled = true
	dns_forwarding = {
		enabled = true
		private_hosted_zone = "example.com" # zone name. see sakura_dns/resource.tf
		dns_servers = ["",""] # DNS Servers ns*.*****.sakura.ad.jp. must set two record.
	}
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `netmask` (Number) The bit length of the subnet to assign to the Service Endpoint Gateway. This must be in the range [`8`-`29`]
- `server_ip_addresses` (List of String) The IP server addresslist to connect the Service Endpoint Gateway
- `vswitch_id` (String) The id of the vSwitch to which the Service Endpoint Gateway connects

### Optional

- `dns_forwarding` (Attributes) The DNS forwarding settings of the Service Endpoint Gateway. This block is required when `dns_forwarding.enabled` is `true`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dns_forwarding))
- `endpoint_setting` (Attributes) The endpoint settings of the Service Endpoint Gateway (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--endpoint_setting))
- `monitoring_suite_enabled` (Boolean) The flag to enable monitoring suite endpoint on the Service Endpoint Gateway
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the Service Endpoint Gateway will be created (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Service Endpoint Gateway.

<a id="nestedatt--dns_forwarding"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dns_forwarding`

Required:

- `dns_servers` (List of String) The name of upstream DNS servers for DNS forwarding
- `enabled` (Boolean) The flag to enable DNS forwarding on the Service Endpoint Gateway
- `private_hosted_zone` (String) The private hosted zone name for DNS forwarding


<a id="nestedatt--endpoint_setting"></a>
### Nested Schema for `endpoint_setting`

Optional:

- `ai_engine_endpoints` (List of String) The list of AI engine endpoints to connect to the Service Endpoint Gateway
- `apprun_dedicated_control_enabled` (Boolean) The flag to enable AppRun Dedicated Control Plane endpoint on the Service Endpoint Gateway
- `container_registry_endpoints` (List of String) The list of sakura container registry endpoints to connect to the Service Endpoint Gateway
- `monitoring_suite_endpoints` (List of String) The list of monitoring suite endpoints to connect to the Service Endpoint Gateway
- `object_storage_endpoints` (List of String) The list of sakura object storage endpoints to connect to the Service Endpoint Gateway


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
