---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_simple_notification_destination Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Application Integration"
description: |-
  Manages SimpleNotification Destination.
---

# sakura_simple_notification_destination (Resource)

Manages SimpleNotification Destination.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_simple_notification_destination" "foobar" {
    name = "foobar"
    description = "description"
    tags = ["foo","bar"]
    type = "email"
    value ="foobar@example.com"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the SimpleNotification Destination.
- `type` (String) The ProcessConfiguration ID of the SimpleNotification Destination.
- `value` (String) The source of the SimpleNotification Destination.

### Optional

- `description` (String) The description of the SimpleNotification Destination. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the SimpleNotification Destination
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the SimpleNotification Destination.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the SimpleNotification Destination.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
