---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_simple_monitor Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Monitoring"
description: |-
  Manages a Simple Monitor.
---

# sakura_simple_monitor (Resource)

Manages a Simple Monitor.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_simple_monitor" "foobar" {
  target = "www.example.com"

  delay_loop = 60
  timeout    = 10

  max_check_attempts = 3
  retry_interval     = 10

  health_check = {
    protocol        = "https"
    port            = 443
    path            = "/"
    contains_string = "ok"
    status          = "200"
    host_header     = "example.com"
    sni             = true
    verify_sni      = true
    http2           = true
    # ftps        = "explicit"
    # username    = "username"
    # password_wo = "password"
    # password_wo_version = 1
    # for backward compatibility
    # password    = "password"
  }

  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]

  notify_email_enabled = true
  notify_email_html    = true
  notify_slack_enabled = true
  notify_slack_webhook = "https://hooks.slack.com/services/xxx/xxx/xxx"

  monitoring_suite = {
    enabled = true
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `health_check` (Attributes) The health check configuration for the simple monitor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--health_check))
- `target` (String) The monitoring target of the simple monitor. This must be IP address or FQDN

### Optional

- `delay_loop` (Number) The interval in seconds between checks. This must be in the range [`60`-`3600`]
- `description` (String) The description of the Simple Monitor. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `enabled` (Boolean) The flag to enable monitoring by the simple monitor
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the Simple Monitor
- `max_check_attempts` (Number) The number of retry. This must be in the range [`1`-`10`]
- `monitoring_suite` (Attributes) The monitoring suite settings of the Simple Monitor. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--monitoring_suite))
- `notify_email_enabled` (Boolean) The flag to enable notification by email
- `notify_email_html` (Boolean) The flag to enable HTML format instead of text format
- `notify_interval` (Number) The interval in hours between notification.
- `notify_slack_enabled` (Boolean) The flag to enable notification by slack/discord
- `notify_slack_webhook` (String) The webhook URL for sending notification by slack/discord
- `retry_interval` (Number) The interval in seconds between retries. This must be in the range [`10`-`3600`]
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the Simple Monitor.
- `timeout` (Number) The timeout in seconds for monitoring. This must be in the range [`10`-`30`]
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Simple Monitor.

<a id="nestedatt--health_check"></a>
### Nested Schema for `health_check`

Required:

- `protocol` (String) The protocol used for health checks. This must be one of [`http`/`https`/`ping`/`tcp`/`dns`/`ssh`/`smtp`/`pop3`/`snmp`/`sslcertificate`/`ftp`]

Optional:

- `community` (String) The SNMP community string used when checking by SNMP
- `contains_string` (String) The string that should be included in the response body when checking for HTTP/HTTPS
- `expected_data` (String) The expected value used when checking by DNS
- `ftps` (String) The methods of invoking security for monitoring with FTPS.
- `host_header` (String) The value of host header send when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
- `http2` (Boolean) The flag to enable HTTP/2 when checking by HTTPS
- `oid` (String) The SNMP OID used when checking by SNMP
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password for basic auth used when checking by HTTP/HTTPS. Use password_wo instead for newer deployments.
- `password_wo` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The password for basic auth used when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
- `password_wo_version` (Number) The version of the password_wo field. This value must be greater than 0 when set. Increment this when changing password.
- `path` (String) The path used when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
- `port` (Number) The target port number
- `qname` (String) The FQDN used when checking by DNS
- `remaining_days` (Number) The number of remaining days until certificate expiration used when checking SSL certificates.
- `sni` (Boolean) The flag to enable SNI when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
- `snmp_version` (String) The SNMP version used when checking by SNMP. This must be one of [1, 2c]
- `status` (Number) The response-code to expect when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
- `username` (String) The user name for basic auth used when checking by HTTP/HTTPS
- `verify_sni` (Boolean) The flag to enable hostname verification for SNI


<a id="nestedatt--monitoring_suite"></a>
### Nested Schema for `monitoring_suite`

Optional:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable sending signals to Monitoring Suite


<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
