---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_subnet Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages a Subnet.
---

# sakura_subnet (Resource)

Manages a Subnet.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource sakura_internet "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
}

resource "sakura_subnet" "foobar" {
  internet_id = sakura_internet.foobar.id
  next_hop    = sakura_internet.foobar.min_ip_address
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `internet_id` (String) The id of the Internet(switch+router) resource that the Subnet belongs
- `next_hop` (String) The ip address of the next-hop at the Subnet

### Optional

- `netmask` (Number) The bit length of the subnet to assign to the Subnet. This must be in the range [`26`-`28`]
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the Subnet will be created (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the Subnet.
- `ip_addresses` (List of String) A list of assigned global address to the Subnet
- `max_ip_address` (String) Maximum IP address in assigned global addresses to the Subnet
- `min_ip_address` (String) Minimum IP address in assigned global addresses to the Subnet
- `network_address` (String) The IPv4 network address assigned to the Subnet
- `vswitch_id` (String) The id of the vSwitch connected from the Subnet

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
