---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_vswitch Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages a vSwitch(Switch in v2).
---

# sakura_vswitch (Resource)

Manages a vSwitch(Switch in v2).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "sakura_vswitch" "foobar" {
  name        = "foobar"
  description = "description"
  tags        = ["tag1", "tag2"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the vSwitch.

### Optional

- `bridge_id` (String) The bridge id attached to the vSwitch
- `description` (String) The description of the vSwitch. The length of this value must be in the range [`1`-`512`]
- `icon_id` (String) The icon id to attach to the vSwitch
- `tags` (Set of String) The tags of the vSwitch.
- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))
- `zone` (String) The name of zone that the vSwitch will be created (e.g. `is1a`, `tk1a`)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of the vSwitch.
- `server_ids` (List of String) A list of server ids connected to the vSwitch

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
