---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_webaccel Resource - sakura"
subcategory: "Networking"
description: |-
  Manages a WebAccel site.
---

# sakura_webaccel (Resource)

Manages a WebAccel site.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource sakura_webaccel "foobar" {
  name = "foobar"
  domain_type = "subdomain" # or "own_domain" with domain attribute
  request_protocol = "https"
  // origin configuration
  origin_parameters = {
    type = "web" # or "bucket" with Object Storage attributes
    origin = "foobar.example.com"
    host_header = "foobar.example.com"
    protocol = "https"
  }
  // logging configuration
  logging = {
    enabled = true
    endpoint = "s3.isk01.sakurastorage.jp"
    region = "jp-north-1"
    bucket_name = "foobar-bucket"
    access_key = "..."
    secret_access_key = "..."
    credentials_version = 1
  }
  // other parameters, e.g. vary_support, cors_rules, etc.
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `domain_type` (String) Domain type of the site. This must be one of [subdomain, own_domain]
- `name` (String) The name of the WebAccel.
- `origin_parameters` (Attributes) Origin parameters of the site (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--origin_parameters))
- `request_protocol` (String) Request protocol of the site. This must be one of [http+https, https, https-redirect]

### Optional

> **NOTE**: [Write-only arguments](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments) are supported in Terraform 1.11 and later.

- `cors_rules` (Attributes Set) CORS rules of the site (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--cors_rules))
- `default_cache_ttl` (Number) The default cache TTL of the site
- `domain` (String) Domain name of the site. Required when domain_type is own_domain
- `logging` (Attributes) Logging configuration of the site (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--logging))
- `normalize_ae` (String) Accept-encoding normalization. This must be one of [gzip, br+gzip]
- `onetime_url_secrets` (List of String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) The site-wide onetime url secrets
- `onetime_url_secrets_version` (Number) The version of the onetime_url_secrets field. This value must be greater than 0 when set. Increment this when changing secrets.
- `vary_support` (Boolean) Whether the site recognizes the Vary header or not

### Read-Only

- `cname_record_value` (String) CNAME record value for the site
- `id` (String) The ID of the WebAccel.
- `origin` (String) Origin hostname or IP address (deprecated; use origin_parameters.origin)
- `subdomain` (String) Subdomain of the site
- `txt_record_value` (String) TXT record value for the site

<a id="nestedatt--origin_parameters"></a>
### Nested Schema for `origin_parameters`

Required:

- `type` (String) Origin type of the site. This must be one of [web, bucket]

Optional:

- `access_key` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) access key. Required for type = bucket
- `bucket_name` (String) bucket name. Required for type = bucket
- `credentials_version` (Number) The version of the credential fields. This value must be greater than 0 when set. Increment this when changing credentials.
- `doc_index` (Boolean) Whether the document indexing for the bucket is enabled or not. Optional for type = bucket
- `endpoint` (String) S3 endpoint without protocol scheme. Required for type = bucket
- `host_header` (String) Host header to the origin. Optional for type = web
- `origin` (String) Origin hostname or IP address. Required for type = web
- `protocol` (String) Request protocol for the origin host. Required for type = web
- `region` (String) S3 region. Required for type = bucket
- `secret_access_key` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) secret access key. Required for type = bucket


<a id="nestedatt--cors_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `cors_rules`

Optional:

- `allow_all` (Boolean) Whether the site permits cross origin requests for all or not
- `allowed_origins` (List of String) List of allowed origins for CORS


<a id="nestedatt--logging"></a>
### Nested Schema for `logging`

Required:

- `access_key` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Object Storage access key
- `bucket_name` (String) Object Storage bucket name
- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the site logging is enabled or not
- `endpoint` (String) Object Storage's S3 endpoint without protocol scheme
- `region` (String) Object Storage's S3 region
- `secret_access_key` (String, [Write-only](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/resources/ephemeral#write-only-arguments)) Object Storage secret access key

Optional:

- `credentials_version` (Number) The version of the credentials fields. This value must be greater than 0 when set. Increment this when changing credentials.
