---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "sakura_workflows_subscription Resource - sakura"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a current Workflow Subscription. Only one subscription can exist at a time. If a subscription already configured, it will be overwritten by the configuration in terraform.
---

# sakura_workflows_subscription (Resource)

Manages a current Workflow Subscription. Only one subscription can exist at a time. If a subscription already configured, it will be overwritten by the configuration in terraform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "sakura_workflows_plan" "foobar" {
  name = "200Kプラン"
}

resource "sakura_workflows_subscription" "foobar" {
  plan_id = data.sakura_workflows_plan.foobar.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `plan_id` (String) The plan ID of the Workflows Subscription.

### Optional

- `timeouts` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The account ID of the Workflows Subscription.
- `activate_from` (String) The activate from timestamp of the Workflows Subscription.
- `contract_id` (String) The contract ID of the Workflows Subscription.
- `created_at` (String) The creation timestamp of the Workflows Subscription.
- `id` (String) The ID of the Workflows Subscription.
- `plan_name` (String) The plan name of the Workflows Subscription.
- `updated_at` (String) The last update timestamp of the Workflows Subscription.

<a id="nestedatt--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
- `delete` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours). Setting a timeout for a Delete operation is only applicable if changes are saved into state before the destroy operation occurs.
- `update` (String) A string that can be [parsed as a duration](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration) consisting of numbers and unit suffixes, such as "30s" or "2h45m". Valid time units are "s" (seconds), "m" (minutes), "h" (hours).
